How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the 
bug that was introduced?

	Viewing a diff helped because it highlights the lines that changed,
	 cutting down the scope and speeding the process of finding the bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a 
more efficient programmer in the long term?

	It would make it easier to track when and where changes were made, 
	and in some cases, by whom.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to 
create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically 
saved, like Google docs does?

	The benefits of a manual choice are that each commit is more likely 
	to be a working version, and there won't be so many nearly-identical 
	versions. The disadvantage is that you have to remember to commit at 
	each appropriate time.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving 
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each 
file separately?

	Git is designed for programming, where for some applications files 
	are closely related to each other. Google Docs is intended for a 
	very wide audience and most files will be totally unrelated to each 
	other, and also it is designed to be simple to use.

 How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history 
 of files?

 	You can use git log to view a list of commits, in order, with
 	messages describing the changes made in each commit. You can use 
 	git diff to view the specific changes, shown as added and deleted 
 	lines of code.
 	
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes 
that could break something?

	You can always revert to a previous state, as long as there is a 
	commit.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using 
Git for?

    Well, I'm taking the class as a prerequisite for a training program. 
    But I can see that the feature of repositories would be very helpful 
    for committing changes to interdependent files and tracking them 
    together.